[zh]userguide/network/working-with-submariner.md (#251)
karmada-io/website: docs/userguide/network/working-with-submariner.md

### Install Karmada control plane

> Following the steps [Install Karmada control plane](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#install-the-karmada-control-plane) in Quick Start, you can get a Karmada. 

Reviewer: > https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#install-the-karmada-control-plane

Why still link to `karmada-io/karmada` repo? I suppose we have documents on the website.

cc @Poor12

Reviewer 2: Only check the broken link. In this case, change to `../../installation/installation.md`

> Following the steps [Install Karmada control plane](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#install-the-karmada-control-plane) in Quick Start, you can get a Karmada. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Following the steps [Install Karmada control plane](../../installation/installation.md) in Quick Start, you can get a Karmada. 
```
